[Music]
sixteen crazy things that are considered
normal in other countries every country
has its own laws traditions rules and
specific features that might seem
strange and even shocking to the people
of other cultures for example did you
know that women in India can marry a
tree and it's not because they are crazy
about nature or that in South Korea
babies are considered to be one-year-old
at birth or that Australia finds its
citizens that don't show up to elections
our world is amazing and unique and
that's what Brightside keeps reminding
our readers the following 16 facts
confirmed this statement number 16 some
women in India marry trees
[Music]
the reason for this strange tradition is
that in Vedic Astrology it's believed
that people who are under the strong
influence of Mars were not born for
happy marriages these people are called
mangling and there are even special
sections on matchmaking sites or manglik
scan mingle with each other it is
believed that one man link is able to
neutralize the influence of another one
however the situation is more difficult
for manglik women because people in
India believe that a wife with the
dangerous Mars influence in her
horoscope can worsen the health of her
husband that's why these women are
instructed to first marry entry so that
the curse of Mars passes on to the tree
after the ceremony the tree is cut and
burned and the woman is then allowed to
marry a man strange enough but manglik
men don't need to go through any ritual
apparently Indians believe that it is
only the wives who can affect their
husband's health and destiny or they
simply care less about the well-being of
the wife and the family number 15
soon deniz people in indonesia sometimes
used banana leaves instead of plates the
same tradition can be seen in other hot
countries but in some parts of Indonesia
a banana leaf serves as a plate for
several people at once this type of get
together is called boat ramp which
literally means eating together people
from completely different social
positions can eat from one leaf a taxi
driver a governor an unemployed person a
teacher the mayor of the city etc it's
believed that Bartram unites all people
regardless of their origin cutlery is
also not used during the meal the food
is eaten with the heads
number fourteen there is a cult of live
Kumari goddesses in Nepal and is made up
of little girls people in Nepal believe
that the Hindu goddess taleju has an
earthly incarnation in little girls
whose bodies she sometimes possesses the
process of looking for Kumari the living
goddess looks like the process of
searching for the Dalai Lama's new
incarnations it is done by astrologist
and monks they search for the Kumari
among the shanky case in the new ari
community there are several Kumari in
the country but the most famous one is
the royal Kumari that lives in Kathmandu
the selection process consists of
several strict rituals after which the
chosen one settles in a palace where she
receives visitors with presents who hope
that the Living Goddess will send them
blessings for good health as well as
solutions to all their problems number
13 people in Israel build temporary
dwellings called su cos in order to live
there during the celebration of su cot
it is customary to build temporary
shelters called su cos in yards or on
balconies these are built in memory of
the wanderings of the Jews in the Sinai
desert before the celebrations of the
Sukkot feasts start it is considered a
sacred duty one should spend as much
time as possible in a suka during the
week of celebrations eat there rest
there and pray there if living there is
not an option having meals in a suka
twice a day is obligatory
number 12 newborn babies in South Korea
are considered to be one-year-old
[Music]
newborn babies in South Korea and in
some other countries are considered
one-year-old additionally it's belief
that a person becomes one year older not
on their birthday but that is celebrated
too but on the first day of the Lunar
New Year so if a kid was born on the
29th day of the twelfth month according
to the lunar calendar it means he will
turn 2 years old on the first day of the
lunar new year when in fact he is just
several days old
contemporary Gregorian calendars as well
as the contemporary measurement of age
are used in Korea too they use this data
when filling out various documents and
this age is used to define when they
start school or when they are allowed to
get legally married number 11 a metro
passes through a block of apartments in
China there is an extremely atypical
architectural solution that you can see
in the Chinese city of Chongqing the
liz' ba monorail train station is
located inside a residential building
the trains pass through it on the level
of the sixth floor and it has garnered
various reactions from admiration to
indignation it seems that this solution
has been used in Japan as well the
building there is not residential but a
commercial office building and it's a
highway not a metro that passes through
it number 10
fast-food restaurants in the Philippines
sell huge portions the reason is not
because Filipinos are gluttonous but
because many people like to have lunch
in the company of friends there is even
a special word for these get-togethers
bar cada so don't get surprised if you
see a portion of french fries for 6
people on the McDonald's menu in the
Philippines by the way there is a
similar situation in Saudi Arabia where
fast-food restaurants are set up for big
families for example you can easily see
a basket of chicken wings that will be
enough for 10 to 15 people on the menu
at the local KFC number 9 a whole family
can fit on one motorcycle in Pakistan
this situation is neither safe nor
comfortable but it can be seen pretty
often in Pakistan and many other
countries these photos are usually
laughed at on the internet but they are
actually something we should think about
sometimes poverty gives people no other
choice than to do strange and often
dangerous things
number eight Egyptians have a completely
different concept of traffic rules you
can drive any way you want in Egypt and
it's unlikely that your driving license
will be revoked
of course this type of driving creates
traffic jams emergency situations and
many dangers for commuters that are on
bikes or walking officially the traffic
rules in Egypt are the same as they are
all over the world but the fact is that
policemen there don't really pay much
attention to these violations number
seven people in Italy arrange battles of
oranges every year in February or at the
beginning of March the carnival a dev
RIA is held involving the traditional
Battle of oranges people throw oranges
at each other like snowballs why oranges
you might ask according to some
historians this battle is the symbol of
a popular uprising against the despotism
of Lords but there is a more interesting
version about a girl named Violetta who
protected herself from the local tyrant
ruler who was going to use his right of
the first night guards tried to arrest
Violetta but the citizens saved her by
throwing stones at the guards today
oranges symbolize those stones and
though this tradition has its opponents
which is not surprising because 350 tons
of oranges are wasted within three days
of the event the number of participants
of this unusual festival increases year
after year number six
residents of Great Britain need to buy a
separate TV licence for each TV set at
home BBC is public television and is
funded by licensing fees paid by
citizens who have TVs and other devices
where they can watch live broadcasts
like computers laptops smartphones
tablets and even gaming consoles this
licence cost one hundred and forty five
and a half pounds per year and residents
either have to buy it or to reject it
with a written application explaining
their reason for not watching TV
otherwise they could be slapped with a
huge fine it is impossible to reject the
service and watch TV programmes
illegally there is a special service
called the Enforcement Division you can
see the retro car from the service in
the above photo that will come to your
home without warning and check number
five there is a church tax in Germany
kitchen store is a church tax that is
imposed on the parishioners of some
religious communities in Germany Roman
Catholic churches evangelical churches a
unitary religious society of free
Protestants and Jewish communities are
among them the size of the tax is set at
eight to nine percent of the amount of
their income tax for example if a
parishioner pays ten thousand euros in
income tax per year they will have to
pay 800 euros to the church additionally
this tax can be applied to dividends and
to the money made from selling property
a taxpayer has the right to leave the
church and refuse to pay the tax for
which they will need to fill out a
special notice those who refuse to pay
the tax can be excommunicated also they
can be blacklisted from working in some
church organizations like schools or
hospitals
number four people in Australia are
fined for not voting while some people
in the world complain about the results
of an election and declare that they
won't take part in the process anymore
others are simply not allowed not to
vote Australia is one country where
people are required to pay a fine for
not participating in the election the
fine is not huge but still it's a
penalty for example in 2010 6000 people
didn't show up at the election in
Tasmania and each of them was fined $26
number 3 in Canada milk is sold in
transparent plastic bags it's difficult
to amaze the residents of some countries
with milk and plastic bags but for many
residents of our planet
this milk seems strange because it's
usually sold in plastic bottles pour
cartons it turns out that this packaging
can be pretty comfortable if you place
it into a jar like Canadian people do
number two there are a group of female
wrestlers that wear colourful clothes in
Bolivia they're called cholitas the idea
of recruiting a number of simple
Bolivian women to participate in
wrestling competitions belong to Juan
mamani the manager of a team called the
Titans of the Ring Juan was puzzled by
the fact that ticket sales drastically
dropped in 2001 mamani placed an ad in
the local newspaper about an opening in
his group and much to his surprise there
appeared to be many local beauties
willing to earn money with the help of
their fists unlike male wrestlers who
fight in comfortable sporty clothes
these women have to fight in their
national outfits lush skirts bright
blouses shoes and bowler hats
also there are no professional athletes
among the cholitas very often they have
to combine fighting in the ring with
taking care of their home and other
responsibilities number one there is a
special instrument of education called
la chancla
that moms in Mexico and other
spanish-speaking countries use as a rule
la chancla is a slipper or a sandal that
Latin American and Spanish mothers and
grandmothers used when discipling
mischievous children and teens nowadays
most Western countries consider this
method of raising children abusive and
we are not trying to justify it but it
seems that the chancla remains a strong
weapon in Mexico and other regions with
a similar mentality by the way kids
raised with the help of a chancla
continue to joke about this topic and it
seems that they don't think their
childhood was traumatized are there any
things in your country that might amaze
the rest of the world please tell us
about them in the comments and don't
forget to click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you